hurt pickup start we got you man I'm a
kid this greatest yeah man I seem at me
and I've seen it but you got the job
hello everyone and welcome back to that
wind and today I bring you another board
lines to video these times on a staff
weapon as the front I'm one of the new
self weapons from Tontine is a DLC as
you can see the stats on this gun I'm
very impressive the damage isn't
fantastic but what adds to the damage is
the slack and the shock accuracy is over
90% which is good 5/8 Deason reload
speeds decent all this that's a pretty
good Double Trouble as red prefix as we
knows double Elementor effects consumes
2i my shot that's the only downside to
it you do use a lot of ammunition with
it so the plasma caster mixed with well
mixed with an SMG basically if
perspicacity
can come in over assault rifles or SMGs
but this is a mullah one version I
really like this gun I think it's really
impressive
I'm going to show you exactly where you
need to get it from and I'm just gonna
go off and fight some enemies now so you
can see how effective it really is but
as we all know the ultimate vault hunter
mode the slag has been improved greatly
which means it does like triple the
amount of damage that it did before
or when you snag someone you can cause
triple the amount of damage and of
course because you've got the shock
isn't fantastic against all enemies but
it is a very powerful gun it's my
favorite gun of the new DLC so far
haven't looked at all of them yet but
this one for now is my favorite but I
just want to show you showcases gun for
you I mean I actually really like the
salt on this gun as well as you can
seize I haven't got a big shield on this
it's causing big damage into the hundred
forty one cave and time to rip of course
the Slayer felt very nearly one I still
actually
others think it's the first legit about
doubling its element and run more into
the game and give really impressive now
I'm really happy
or genuine this is my favorite moment I
don't have to change weapon then to
cause extra damage you can dish use the
the same gun I think is really
impressive it's not really a great deal
to say about this gun apothem is my
favorite I really like this gun I think
it's impressive usually when they bring
new self weapons out there a bit bit
shitty but this one appears to be quite
good the other one the talked one which
I'll do showcase
isn't as good as this one as far as
extinct it doesn't really have any
elemental part an explosive but I'm just
going to go back now and show you
exactly we need to get this gun from and
I'm just going to give you a quick I'm
going to show you the gun again flame
what Refuge is where you need to go to
find the south shop if you're not aware
I do have videos on where the location
of the shop is but if you just follow my
steps now then you shouldn't have any
problems whatsoever and if you can hear
noise in the background it's because
someone is hoovering in my house so I
apologize for that but nevertheless so
just follow my steps here I'm just gonna
keep going you can see is quit as fast
reload it's really accurate I love this
gun I really do think it's one of the
best guns so just gonna wander over now
to the south shop I'll show you on the
map exactly where it is
just open up there's loads of other ones
so I'm just gonna show this gun again I
mean it's gonna then show you the
location of where you need to go so
flaming rock refuge you've just your
spawn here and you just follow around
the outside and just until you get to
that point but that's it for this video
so some say thank very much for watching
welcome to the fam to all my new
subscribers really do appreciate you
guys subscribing and watching my videos
means a lot to me there's the gun again
there to show you it one more time the
stats is very impressive
but that's it for this video guys take
care and good bye